Add/install section (#305)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/install/lotus/join-a-network.md

lotus net peers | wc -l
```

> > **NOTICE:** Make sure there is a reasonable "open files limit" set on the machine, such as 10000. If you're seeing a lower value, such as 256 (default on macOS), read our [troubleshooting instructions](https://docs.filecoin.io/mine/mining-troubleshooting/) on how to update it prior to starting the Lotus daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTICE:** Make sure there is a reasonable "open files limit" set on the machine, such as 10000. If you're seeing a lower value, such as 256 (default on macOS), read our [troubleshooting instructions](../../mine/mining-troubleshooting.md) on how to update it prior to starting the Lotus daemon.
```

## Configure your node's connectivity

> To effectively accept incoming storage & retrieval deals, your Lotus node needs to be accessible to other nodes on the network. To improve your connectivity, be sure to:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem to be miner docs. Normal users do not need to worry about this.. and if this is for miners, it has about 10% of the info required for mining so it's not very useful.

Author: This was copied from the [Lotu.sh docs](https://lotu.sh/en+join-testnet). If you have updated docs to add in here please suggest them.
